Recently, a devastating oil spill in Mauritius brought the risks posed each day to our environment front and center. Please join the School of Wildlife Conservation and three experts olivier Tyack, Jacqueline Sauzier and Vikash Tatayah to learn from a conversation about the
Thousands of protestors took it to the streets again in #Mauritius over the handling of the MV Wakashio oil spill. Calls for accountability and transparency have gained extraordinary momentum, putting pressure on the comfortable government to be more responsive and proactive.
Mitsui OSK Lines announces that it intends to spend about ¥1 billion (US$9.4 million) in aid for Mauritius in the wake of the MV Wakashio oil spill. Mitsui had chartered the ship for its ill-fated voyage. In part, the money is to be used for an environmental recovery fund. (MP
undertaking underwater filming which was shared with Mauritian authorities. The tug was towing a barge to convey equipment being used for pollution control from the MV Wakashio oil spill, before rough weather caused a collision of the tug with the barge causing it to sink.
The tug was towing a barge to convey equipment being used for pollution control from the MV Wakashio oil spill, before rough weather caused a collision of the tug with the barge causing it to sink.
MAURITIUS / MV WAKASHIO OIL SPILL DISASTER / JAPAN:
Japan's government is considering further assistance to help Mauritius deal with a major oil spill after a Japanese-owned boat struck a coral reef
The government of Mauritius has begun making specific requests of Japan in connection with the MV Wakashio oil spill, including one for US$34 million in aid to re-equip and train local fishermen. (MP) #Mauritius #MVWakashio #Wakashio #Fishermen #Japan #Aid
Sea Shepherd stands in solidarity with the people of Mauritius who are dealing with the consequences of the MV Wakashio oil spill. They are are seeking answers, support and justice. 
The ship can also provide Seaward Security and Medical Cover off the incident site. It follows the recent deployment of a Technical Response Team and delivery of nearly 30 tonnes of specialized anti-pollution equipment by India to combat the MV Wakashio oil spill incident
This follows the recent deployment of Technical Response Team & delivery of nearly 30 tonnes of specialized anti-pollution equipment by India to combat & extend assistance for managing the MV Wakashio oil spill incident: Indian Navy (ANI)
The deployment of naval ship follows the recent deployment of a Technical Response Team and delivery of nearly 30 tonnes of specialized anti-pollution equipment by India 16 August 20 to combat and extend assistance for managing the MV Wakashio oil spill incident. #SAGAR #IOR
Talk Africa: Mauritius oil spill. What events led up to this ecological disaster? What impact has it had on the environment and the local economy? And how does the journey to recovery look like for Mauritius in the aftermath of the MV Wakashio oil spill?
Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust: Help Rescue Mauritian Wildlife | Support Durrell's work to save some of the worlds rarest species and the precious offshore islands devastated by the MV Wakashio oil spill.
  