#Environment: The Chilean Navy had reported on Saturday that CAP reported a spill of 40,000 liters of diesel from a terminal on Guarello Island. 
#Chile’s navy confirmed it was working to mitigate damage caused by the spill at Guarello island.. 
' Chile Oil Spill: 40,000 Liters Of Diesel Spilled Into Sea Off Patagonia ' | The Guardian |  Chile’s Navy Confirmed It Was Working To Mitigate Damage Caused By The Spill At Guarello Island..
The Chilean Navy has been deployed after 40,000 liters of diesel were spilled into the sea near a remote island on the country's southern coast.
We are terrible stewards of planet Earth. Chile oil spill: 40,000 litres of diesel spilled into sea off Patagonia — Chile’s navy confirmed it was working to mitigate damage caused by the spill at Guarello island.
40,000 liters of oil leaked in the waters around Guarello Island in the Magallanes region. Greenpeace calls the spill “terrible for Patagonia”.
World news | The Guardian Chile oil spill: 40,000 litres of diesel spilled into sea off Patagonia Chile’s navy confirmed it was working to mitigate damage caused by the spill at Guarello island Forty thousand litres of diesel oil has been spilled into the sea in a remote a…
Miner CAP says oil spill on remote Chilean island contained FILE PHOTO: The Chilean navy ship named "Marinero Fuentealba" prepares to leave to contain an oil spill at the Guarello Island dock, about 250km from Puerto Natales city in the region of
atagonia oil spill prompts dispatch of Chile navy: The Chilean navy has been deployed after an oil spill near the southern island of Guarello. Some 40,000 liters (10,500 gallons) of oil have leaked into the sensitive waters off… 
- About 40,000 liters of diesel oil has been spilled off the far southern coast of Chile, the country's navy said Saturday. Chilian mining company CAP reported Saturday that the spill occurred at its onshore terminal on remote Guarello Island
Mining company CAP reported on Saturday that the spill occurred at its onshore terminal on Guarello Island, about 150 miles north of the town in Puerto Natales, and moved into the waters of the South Pacific, the navy said.
